Update docs to add new NS, CAA and SRV records and add FAQ About who are allowed to use NS records (#37)
is-a-dev/docs: src/docs/faq/index.md

- MX
- TXT

> - URL (Redirection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- URL (redirection)
```

> - NS (Limited Acess)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NS (limited access)
```

## Can I use my domain for a minecraft server?
Sure, but it needs to be a nested subdomain (mc.example.is-a.dev). You would normally use a A record for this.

> ## Can I Use NS Records?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can I use NS records?
```

We allow NS records for the following reasons and users:
  - is-a.dev maintainers
  - Users who are using **multiple** Cloudflare (or similar providers') services, which often require their own zones (e.g., DynDNS, cloudflared tunnels, etc.)
  - Users who require a private zone, as they are using their home IP addresses behind Cloudflare (These cases will be carefully reviewed, as we understand some may claim to use a home IP address when they are not.)
  - Users with a lot of nested subdomains *may* be allowed to register NS records so they do not have to manage multiple files.
  - Aternos users (specifically Aternos, as they require NS records and you cannot modify DNS records under them).
  

> Note: These guidelines are not set in stone and may change. You are not limited to fitting only one of the criteria above; use them as a general guide. I will personally review each NS record request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: These guidelines are not set in stone and may change. You are not limited to fitting only one of the criteria above; use them as a general guide. [@wdhdev](https://github.com/wdhdev) personally review each NS record request.
```
